i'd love to get your perspective on what
do you think is really separating
the good from um great
sales-driven type of organizations
especially now as we're trying to
adapt the sales process maybe people
have a work from home type of sales
force
what do you think's really separating
good and poor you know sales driven
organizations from the really great ones
that are thriving right now
from a company perspective i'd say
it's we're one having a multi-channel
approach so
not putting all your eggs in one basket
i.e
if you've got a sdr team you've got a
team of people generating appointments
not solely relying on outbound cold
callers to generate your leads and
generate your appointments
but yeah by all means there's nothing
wrong with doing that but then you need
to look at other channels
be that inbound marketing so be that
things like seo
for long term rankings to get your
website on page one of google be that
paid ads to get that
fast traffic to your site to generate
leads be that doing a podcast
be that doing webinars be that going big
on social media i think the companies
that do it best
not just invest in all the channels of
um of marketing and of
ways to generate sales opportunities but
they really understand where their ideal
customers hang out
so in our case we're selling to mainly
businesses
so we understand that they're going to
be on linkedin they're going to be
searching on google
so they're going to be seo is worthwhile
they're going to be clicking ads
ads are worthwhile and then likewise we
can probably reach them on the phone
reach on the email so they really
understand exactly where their customers
hang out and invest in those channels
to then bring more leads to their team
to then be able to grow the sales side
of things